README.md, before:

fresh.js
===
Data exploration framework

## Manifesto

- Zero bootstrap
- Can be plugged into any other framework
- Everything is a widget
- Widgets are oblivious of ancestors
- The state of a widget can be serialized at any given point in time
- Any widget configuration can be represented by a URI
- Widgets can implement any data mechanism

## Install

fresh.js is a versatile framework and can be installed in more than one way.

#### Existing framework

Include `fresh-bundle.js` if you already have the
[external dependencies](https://github.com/skidding/fresh/blob/master/package.json#L8)
included in your project or `fresh-bundle-with-dependencies.js` to include
them as well.

#### Node module

```bash
npm install fresh-js
```

You can require fresh.js as a Node module, using a client-side package manager
like [browserify.](http://browserify.org/)

```js
var fresh = require('fresh-js');
```

#### Development

```bash
git clone https://github.com/skidding/fresh.git && cd fresh
npm install
./node_modules/.bin/gulp
```

Commit message:

Add React mention in README

README.md, after:

fresh.js
===
Data exploration framework

Built on top of the great [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/),
emphasizing on seamless data exploration through drill down actions,
implementing a uniform Widget component model.

## Manifesto

- Zero bootstrap
- Can be plugged into any other framework
- Everything is a widget
- Widgets are oblivious of ancestors
- The state of a widget can be serialized at any given point in time
- Any widget configuration can be represented by a URI
- Widgets can implement any data mechanism

## Install

fresh.js is a versatile framework and can be installed in more than one way.

#### Existing framework

Include `fresh-bundle.js` if you already have the
[external dependencies](https://github.com/skidding/fresh/blob/master/package.json#L8)
included in your project or `fresh-bundle-with-dependencies.js` to include
them as well.

#### Node module

```bash
npm install fresh-js
```

You can require fresh.js as a Node module, using a client-side package manager
like [browserify.](http://browserify.org/)

```js
var fresh = require('fresh-js');
```

#### Development

```bash
git clone https://github.com/skidding/fresh.git && cd fresh
npm install
./node_modules/.bin/gulp
```
